JP-3096: Add new JWST keywords to track CR's detected by the jump step (#173)
spacetelescope/stdatamodels: CHANGES.rst

1.6.0 (2023-06-15)
==================

> Core.schema.yaml
> ----------------
> - Added two new header keywords to the Exposure section: PRIMECRS and
>   EXTNCRS [#173]. The track the rate of primary cosmic rays and extended cosmic
>   rays (Snowballs and Showers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jwst.datamodels
---------------
- Added two new header keywords to the JWST exposure section: PRIMECRS and
  EXTNCRS, which are used to record the rate of primary cosmic rays and extended cosmic
  rays (Snowballs and Showers). [#173]
```
